(Feat): Add Expo Example (#582)
talkjs/talkjs-examples: react-native/basic-example/ExpoExample/README.md

# Expo

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Prerequisites

> Set up your Android and/or iOS development environment as specified [here](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/set-up-your-environment/?mode=development-build&buildEnv=local&platform=android&device=physical)

Reviewer: Suggest make the link text descriptive, for example:

```suggestion
[Set up your Android or iOS development environment](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/set-up-your-environment/?mode=development-build&buildEnv=local&platform=android&device=physical) to start building with Expo.
```

## Install dependencies

```sh
npx pnpm install
```

## Add your TalkJS APP ID

Update the `YOUR_APP_ID` placeholder in `src/constants/chat.ts` with your TalkJS App ID. You can find your App ID in the **Settings** tab of the [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard).

## Configure push notifications

> Follow our Expo push notifications guide to configure push notifications for [Android](https://talkjs.com/docs/Guides/React_Native/Push_Notifications_Expo/#android) or [iOS](https://talkjs.com/docs/Guides/React_Native/Push_Notifications_Expo/#ios).

Reviewer: Suggest to make 'our' explicit:

```suggestion
Follow the TalkJS Expo push notifications guide to configure push notifications for [Android](https://talkjs.com/docs/Guides/React_Native/Push_Notifications_Expo/#android) or [iOS](https://talkjs.com/docs/Guides/React_Native/Push_Notifications_Expo/#ios).
```

For both guides you can skip the **Install dependencies** step.

## Install and run the app

> Before running the app, make sure you have connected your device via ADB for Android and on XCode for iOS.

Reviewer: Would it be over the top to link to ADB and XCode here? Feel free to ignore if so

```suggestion
Before running the app, make sure you have connected your device via [adb](https://developer.android.com/tools/adb) for Android or on [XCode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) for iOS.
```

If you aren't using a physical device, make sure the emulator/simulator for your respective platform is

> setup correctly.

Reviewer: Maybe add a short instruction before the code snippet?

```suggestion
setup correctly.

Run your app:
```

```sh
npx expo start
```

> Then in a separate terminal session/window run the following to build on Android:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then in a separate terminal session or window run the following to build on Android:
```
